[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/container_security/security-registries.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Container registries store container images to make images accessible to others, organize images into repositories that can include multiple versions of an image, and optionally limit access to images, based on different authentication methods, or make them publicly available. There are public container registries, such as Quay.io and Docker Hub where many people and organizations share their images. The Red Hat Registry offers supported Red Hat and partner images, while the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog offers detailed descriptions and health checks for those images. To manage your own registry, you could purchase a container registry such as {quay}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use container registries to store container images, making the images accessible to others either publically or privately. 

By using a registry, you can include multiple versions of an image, optionally limit access to images based on different authentication methods, or make them publicly available. 

There are public container registries, such as Quay.io and Docker Hub where many people and organizations share their images. The Red Hat Registry offers supported Red Hat and partner images, while the Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog offers detailed descriptions and health checks for those images. To manage your own registry, you could purchase a container registry such as {quay}.
```

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
You can use container registries to store container images, making the images accessible to others either publically or privately. 

> By using a registry, you can include multiple versions of an image, optionally limit access to images based on different authentication methods, or make them publicly available.

Reviewer: You need another carriage return.

```suggestion
You can use container registries to store container images, making the images accessible to others either publically or privately. 

By using a registry, you can include multiple versions of an image, optionally limit access to images based on different authentication methods, or make them publicly available.
```
